Excerpt
Chapter 1: The Difficulty of Obtaining a True Friend
Ft. Yihao Fan, Sihan Lyu, Qizhe Yang

Friendship is the hardest to swim among all oceans of love.
When the waves are calm, a boat travels deep into the ocean.
But when a furious wind suddenly rises, and waves surge,
one then constantly worries about the boat being overthrown and being drowned.
The sea is ever- changing., As a result, sailors are cautious and always on
the alert for danger.
So are those who cross the oceans of love. One must probe the depths of heart,
as well as make trial of good and evil appearances.
There are in this world people who show a loving and kind demeanor
on the outside and hide hatred and ill will within;
and have bellies in contradiction with their mouths.
If one obtains an upright and virtuous friend and
this person saves him from trouble in a time of crisis in addition to
looking out more for him when he is doing well for himself,
isn’t it the case that he will benefit exceedingly well?
If one meets with a perilous situation,
he is in danger.  When harm comes and a person’s animosity is apparent,
one can protect himself from harm.
This is because one then knows the ill intent of that person,
and by identifying an enemy one can avoid danger.
Those acquaintances who are exceptionally deceitful and insincere put on
flattering appearances and make a display
of their friends and cultivate reputation,
while in reality they veil their animosity.
They devise complicated measures to trap people,
and once someone is trapped and the mechanism triggered,
they immediately spit poison from their belly and entrails.
More to the point, virtuous people who are all-embracing in their tolerance
will face greater danger if they befriend that kind of person,
for the virtuous people is honest and straight-minded;
they are not prone to be even the least suspicious towards others.
They think of their friends in the image of themselves and
regard it as fitting to treat them in this way.
They do not believe there to be false friends who would deceive them,
and so never use trickery against trickery to defend themselves.
As a result, they are harmed even more by dissemblers.
Furthermore, they yield to none,
and act always in accordance with a high moral standard.
They do not believe that others would act in deceit,
since they themselves would not do so.
They are unaware of traps that they themselves would never set up,
and which would allow them to guard against such deception —
they hence are made more vulnerable.